Update os-diff doc with package install instructions and correct usages (#452)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/con_comparing-configuration-files-between-deployments.adoc

services the tool: https://github.com/openstack-k8s-operators/os-diff has been
develop to compare the configuration files between the {OpenStackPreviousInstaller} deployment and the {rhos_long} cloud.

> Make sure Golang is installed and configured on your env:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure Golang is installed and configured on your environment:
```

----
dnf install -y golang-github-openstack-k8s-operators-os-diff
----

> Then configure /etc/os-diff/os-diff.cfg and /etc/os-diff/ssh.config file according to your environment:
> 
> In order to allow os-diff to connect to your clouds and pull files from the services you describe in the config.yaml
> file you need to properly set the option in the os-diff.cfg:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then configure the `/etc/os-diff/os-diff.cfg` file and the `/etc/os-diff/ssh.config` file according to your environment. To allow os-diff to connect to your clouds and pull files from the services that you describe in the `config.yaml` file you need to properly set the option in the `os-diff.cfg` file:
```

[source,yaml]
[subs=+quotes]
----
[Default]

local_config_dir=/tmp/
service_config_file=config.yaml

[Tripleo]

ssh_cmd=ssh -F ssh.config
director_host=standalone
container_engine=podman
connection=ssh
remote_config_path=/tmp/tripleo
local_config_path=/tmp/

[Openshift]

ocp_local_config_path=/tmp/ocp
connection=local
ssh_cmd=""
----

> The ssh_cmd will be used by os-diff to access your TripleO Undercloud/Director host via SSH,
> or the host where your cloud is accessible and the podman/docker binary is installed
> and allowed to interract with the running containers. This option could have different form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Os-diff uses `ssh_cmd` to access your TripleO Undercloud/Director host via SSH,
or the host where your cloud is accessible and the podman/docker binary is installed
and allowed to interact with the running containers. This option could have a different form:
```

----
ssh_cmd=ssh -F ssh.config standalone
director_host=
----

----
ssh_cmd=ssh -F ssh.config
director_host=standalone
----

or without an SSH config file:

----
ssh_cmd=ssh -i /home/user/.ssh/id_rsa stack@my.undercloud.local
director_host=
----

or
----
ssh_cmd=ssh -i /home/user/.ssh/id_rsa stack@
director_host=my.undercloud.local
----

> Note that the result of ssh_cmd + director_host should be a "successful ssh access".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the result of using `ssh_cmd` and `director_host` should be a "successful ssh access".
```
@matbu Is my edit accurate?

> Configure or generate ssh.config file from inventory or hosts file

Reviewer 2: I'd peraps add ", for example:" at the end of the line?

> Configure or generate ssh.config file from inventory or hosts file, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure or generate the `ssh.config` file from inventory or hosts file, for example:
```

    UserKnownHostsFile=/dev/null
----

> os-diff can use an ssh.config file for getting access to your TripleO/OSP environment.
> A command can help you to generate this SSH config file from your Ansible inventory (like tripleo-ansible-inventory.yaml file):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Os-diff can use an `ssh.config` file for getting access to your {rhos_prev_long} environment.
The following command can help you generate this SSH config file from your Ansible inventory, for example, `tripleo-ansible-inventory.yaml` file:
```

----
os-diff configure -i tripleo-ansible-inventory.yaml -o ssh.config --yaml
----

> Note: You will have to set the IdentityFile key in the file in order to get full working access:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
You must set the `IdentityFile` key in the file to get full working access:
```
